README.md, before:

# Gita GPT

Find solace in the wisdom of Shree Krishna 🦚
Gita GPT help you ask questions and receive answers inspired by the teachings of the Bhagavad Gita, processed through OpenAI's GPT.

This is the app version of the Gita GPT web app, which is available at [gita.kishans.in](https://gita.kishans.in).

![Gita GPT](./screenshot.png)

<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kishans.gitagpt&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1">
              <img
                className="mx-auto h-20"
                alt="Get it on Google Play"
                src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png"
              />
</a>


**⚠️ Gita GPT app is currently in alpha and under active development. Please report any issues you encounter.**


## Features

- **Ask Gita**: Pose any life question, and get answers inspired by the teachings of the Bhagavad Gita, processed through OpenAI GPT.
- **Share Wisdom**: Share verses and their interpretations with friends and family through social media or messaging apps.
- More features coming soon!


## Installation

### Prerequisites:

- Bun (https://bun.sh)
- Expo CLI (https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/)

### Steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/kishanhitk/gita-gpt-native.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd Gita-GPT
    ```

3. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    bun install
    ```

4. Start the Expo development server:
    ```bash
    bun expo run:android
    ```
    You can't run the app with Expo Go, as it uses Google login and other features that are not supported in the Expo Go app. You can run the app on an Android emulator or a physical device.


## Technologies Used

- Expo 50 
- React Native
- Expo Router v3
- Nativewind v4 (Since v4 is in alpha, sometimes it may not work as expected. But I had to use it because the v2 does not work with Expo Router v3. The code has a lot of messy workarounds to make it work.)


## Contributing

Contributions are welcom to Gita GPT! If you have suggestions for improvements or new features, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

Commit message:

docs: add info about API routes

README.md, after:

# Gita GPT

Find solace in the wisdom of Shree Krishna 🦚
Gita GPT help you ask questions and receive answers inspired by the teachings of the Bhagavad Gita, processed through OpenAI's GPT.

This is the app version of the Gita GPT web app, which is available at [gita.kishans.in](https://gita.kishans.in).

![Gita GPT](./screenshot.png)

<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kishans.gitagpt&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1">
              <img
                className="mx-auto h-20"
                alt="Get it on Google Play"
                src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png"
              />
</a>


**⚠️ Gita GPT app is currently in alpha and under active development. Please report any issues you encounter.**


## Features

- **Ask Gita**: Pose any life question, and get answers inspired by the teachings of the Bhagavad Gita, processed through OpenAI GPT.
- **Share Wisdom**: Share verses and their interpretations with friends and family through social media or messaging apps.
- More features coming soon!


## Installation

### Prerequisites:

- Bun (https://bun.sh)
- Expo CLI (https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/)

### Steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/kishanhitk/gita-gpt-native.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd Gita-GPT
    ```

3. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    bun install
    ```

4. Start the Expo development server:
    ```bash
    bun expo run:android
    ```
    You can't run the app with Expo Go, as it uses Google login and other features that are not supported in the Expo Go app. You can run the app on an Android emulator or a physical device.


## Technologies Used

- Expo 50 
- React Native
- Expo Router v3
- Nativewind v4 (Since v4 is in alpha, sometimes it may not work as expected. But I had to use it because the v2 does not work with Expo Router v3. The code has a lot of messy workarounds to make it work.)




## Roadmap
- [ ] Add multiple languages support
- [ ] Add updesha to favorite


**The API code is in a separate project which is not open-sourced yet. If Expo API Routes becomes stable, the API code will be moved to the code here.**


## Contributing

Contributions are welcom to Gita GPT! If you have suggestions for improvements or new features, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.
